Welcome to our library studio.
Here is part of the Yahowah Blog.
I'm Craig Winn.
In our last program,
we concluded the Thirty-Third Mizmowr
as
we were pursuing our series on Gabor.
Gabor means to be confident and to be
courageous.
And in it,
we came across a statement that heretofore
no one has ever been in a position
to claim.
When I say claim,
it means that the person that this is
speaking about would obviously know that
it is addressed to him.
And it reads,
the advice and counsel of Yahowah is
presented and it stands forever.
The purpose and plans of his heart and
mind are for all places, times,
and generations.
So for the benefit of the relationship,
ha-gowy,
The non-Yisraelite will reveal the way to
get the most out of life.
His God is Yahowah.
He has chosen and desires the family and
these people as his inheritance.
There is nothing that compares to it.
particularly recognizing that we're
dealing with a prophetic text written over
the course of one thousand years,
incorporating up to forty prophets,
twenty of which are significant.
And all of them have one thing in
common.
They are Israelites.
They are Yehuda, they're Jews.
And now Yahowah says,
there's going to be a Goy,
a Gentile who is going to reveal the
benefits of the relationship.
He's going to show the way to get
the most out of life.
And his God is going to be Yahowah.
And that's the name of the God that
the Israelites and Yahuwdym,
Israel and Jews,
have erased,
have written out of their lives.
And so the implication is overwhelmingly
that God turned at long last to a
Goy because Jews had written him out of
their lives.
And that the only way to reintroduce
Yahowah to his people and to show them
the way to get the most enjoyment out
of life
by being part of the covenant,
is to go to a non-Yisraelite.
That is the prophecy.
And heretofore, there has been no one,
not a single person,
not even a Yahuwdym or Yisraelite,
and this speaks of a Goyim,
who has spoken these things in the name
of Yahuwah.
Yahowah's name had been forgotten for two
thousand five hundred years.
I was the first after that long chasm
of twenty five centuries to reassess it,
to prove its proper pronouncement and to
reintroduce it.
On the Yara to know Yahowah website and
now as part of the Yahowah blog.
And yes, I'm a goy.
That is something to think about.
If you're among those who would try to
dismiss all of the many hundreds,
if not thousands,
of claims that Yahowah has made about his
Nakry, his observant foreigner,
serving as the final Zarowa,
one cultivating the harvest,
as his Choter, stem,
off the main branch.
He ought to think it through.
Because God is insistent that someone will
arrive before his return with the Messiah
Dowd and will make these things clear.
And there is no one.
There hasn't been anyone and there's no
time left for there to be another.
other than the individual you're listening
to.
Now don't think for a moment that I'm
claiming this because I want something
from you, I don't.
Don't think I'm claiming this because
there's some advantage in it for me
because there isn't.
Don't think I'm claiming it because, well,
I picked one passage out of thousands and
somehow made it appear as if it spoke
of me because that's not true either.
If you go to YadaYah.com,
you will find thirty-five books.
They're all offered freely.
They average over seven hundred pages.
We have twenty-five thousand pages of
translations, explanations, and insights,
many of which are unheralded,
and they're all available to you for free.
A hundred thousand hours of work over the
course of twenty-four years.
No.
This is just one of thousands of such
declarations.
And understand that by God revealing this,
he did not make my life easier.
He made it harder.
He didn't make my life more enjoyable.
He made it tougher.
Because the moment you are disclosed as
someone speaking for Yahowah,
the world turns against you.
Look what happened with Noach.
Look what happened with Abraham.
Look what happened with Jacob.
Look what happened with Moshe.
Look what happened even with
With Shamuel,
look what happened with Dowd.
Look what happened with Yasha'yah,
the prophets, always the same.
Israel doesn't like Yahowah.
I don't want to hear from him.
They've even erased his name.
They've denied him.
They were so irascible during the Exodus
that Moshe said,
I can't lead these people.
This job is impossible.
The people are so damn belligerent and so
irritating, God.
It is unfair that you've even asked me
to do this.
And if you have any respect for me,
you'll kill me.
So I don't have to endure this another
day.
It's no fun.
Let me tell you the truth.
To be acknowledged by Iowa is someone
speaking for him because you become a
target.
And today, people are nincompoops.
I mean,
they will rely on AI and say, oh,
well, if I do an AI search,
it says that the scholars overwhelmingly
denounce him and he's not a scholar.
Damn right I'm not.
I'm vastly more knowledgeable and have
essentially infinitely more understanding
than any of them and indeed all of
them combined.
That's what this journey has provided.
That's why they're not smart enough to
know that Christianity is a farce,
that Judaism is a farce,
that Islam is a farce.
They haven't done as I have done and
written five volumes, four thousand,
two hundred and fifty pages.
putting the Quran in chronological order,
setting it in context with Muhammad's life
and proving emphatically that Muhammad
wasn't a prophet and Allah wasn't a God.
And oh, by the way,
that it was rabbis who were responsible
for the conception of the Quran and
therefore for the survival of the religion
of Islam that is perpetrating genocide on
Jews.
There is no one else among all of
those scholars,
excuse me for knocking over my own book,
who has done this and written five volumes
to disprove the Christian New Testament,
to demonstrate emphatically that Jesus
never existed.
He is nothing but a counterfeit,
a product of identity theft,
having stolen the titles and the
achievements
of David,
God's beloved son and the actual Messiah,
the former and returning king.
And since they aren't intelligent enough,
well-informed enough,
rational enough to denounce Jesus and the
Christian New Testament,
Allah and the Quran,
as well as Judaism through the Babel
series,
and then provide a comprehensive
introduction to Yahowah,
demonstrating the proper pronunciation of
his name,
explaining the nature of the grammar and
the very language of Hebrew as it was
used
Three thousand four hundred and seventy
years ago composed the Torah.
And then providing amplified translations.
Based upon the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Never have any of these things done been
done before.
Never has someone who has.
produced, amplified,
and very innovative in terms of the
process,
and yet very systematic and diligent.
Translations of Yahowah's testimony in the
lingua franca of the world today in
English,
with this steadfast devotion to the root
meaning of every Hebrew word,
proving their definitions.
Also written a tome to explain what's
going to happen.
as we progress over the next seven to
eight years.
This has been an extraordinary journey.
And so Yahowah did indeed choose a boy
to convey this message.
Now,
I will tell you that as a consequence
of that,
so if you think that I'm being
presumptuous here and that there's
something in it for me,
because I'm not doing it for me,
I'm doing it for Yahowah and for his
people.
I'm doing it because God asked and I
didn't tell him no, I told him yes,
that I'd do this.
And I have devoted ten to fourteen hours
a day,
six to seven days a week for twenty-four
years.
not only without compensation,
but I have spent well over a million
dollars pursuing this experience of
learning and sharing with you.
To give you some ideas to how challenging
this job is that was given to Ha-goy,
this Gentile,
whose God is Yahowah,
who is explaining and revealing the way to
receive the benefits of the relationship.
On X, for example,
I've been there just under a year now,
just under thirty thousand posts,
thirty thousand posts,
most with something either clever or
intelligent to say,
something other people had not perceived.
almost thirty thousand posts for twenty
one hundred followers.
Why?
Because what God has to say is exceedingly
unpopular with Christians,
two point five billion people,
with Muslims, two billion people,
with right wing nutcases like the MAGA,
Worldwide, about a billion people.
With all of those who are lost in
the realm of conspiracies,
well over a billion people.
With every anti-Semite,
I'll be double counting, but of those,
there's probably five billion in the
world.
And this message...
runs afoul of all of them,
and it is diametrically opposed to Judaism
as well as to Marxism, communism,
and socialism,
indeed to all forms of politics.
Imagine you're offering the greatest gift
ever given,
You have an ironclad guarantee from God
himself.
And you're giving away eternal life,
the perfection of your soul,
adoption into God's family,
inheriting all he has to offer,
which just happens to be the entire
universe.
And two times ten to the tenth power.
Enrichment and empowerment.
It shouldn't take a salesman to give that
away.
And yet we will have grossly exceeded,
greatly exceeded, nothing gross about it,
expectations.
You know,
if there's a thousand representatives of
each of the twelve tribes of Yisrael as
part of that final remnant and included in
the harvest that preceded it.
After all,
if you look at Moshe working with Yahowah
beside him, at the end of forty years,
if those over twenty represented a third
of the Israelites that left Mitzrayim,
then two
Out of two hundred thousand would be one
in one hundred thousand and one in one
hundred thousand of the fifteen million
people who claim to be Jews today would.
Would be around one hundred and fifty,
wouldn't it?
And I am expecting that we will have
one hundred fold that number.
But tough audience.
Religious and secular Jews, goyim,
almost universally hate what God has to
say.
He's never been popular.
And then in a world today where people
have forfeited the right to think and they
have intervened with artificial
intelligence, which has no intelligence.
and is simply surveying Reddit and Reddit
and what's posted on places like X and
looking what's popular and saying that
must be true.
And if somebody speaks against that,
which is popular, they must be wrong.
When, yeah, well,
has never been popular nor his truth.
Ever.
And this is what we're up against.
Now,
we don't need many of you to listen
and respond to succeed.
God, frankly, appears to be an introvert.
Even in the second statement,
he etched in stone after he introduced
himself as Yahowah by name,
said that he was a liberator and that
you will only survive if there are no
other gods in his presence.
He wrote vociferously about his opposition
to religion in the second statement.
And then at the conclusion of that
statement, he said, because of religion,
fathers...
corrupt their sons to the third and fourth
generation.
And therefore, it's only thousands who,
by observing the terms and conditions of
the covenant, will receive his mercy.
Thousands amongst billions today would be
one in a million.
Eight thousand against eight billion,
wouldn't it?
So this is what we're dealing with.
It's why this job is so difficult,
and yet God made it exceedingly clear that
he had chosen a Nakry,
an observant foreigner, a Choter,
a stem off the main branch, a Zarowa,
one cultivating the final harvest,
a person named Yada,
who is one who knows,
a Bashar Herald on behalf of his beloved
son and king.
Oh boy.
To share this message with you.
So now as we move through the Thirty-Third
Mizmowr and we are pursuing the
revelations that will all be part of what
is going to be published as Coming Home
for Bashar Herald.
We are confronted by an interesting
conundrum.
I'm not sure it matters much,
but I thought I would share it with
you anyway.
Who is Abimelech?
And why did, though,
does taste for him change if it did
at all?
Or since there are no definitive answers
for either question,
should we assume that this introduction to
the thirty fourth psalm was scribed
for another time as a way to introduce
a narrative few have previously
understood?
In search of these answers,
we find that the Dead Sea Scrolls are
actually of considerable value.
because while La Dowd by Dowd was written
in the introduction as witness in the
scroll found in K-IV in and then cataloged
as IV-Q-AD-III-PS,
none of what follows now in the Masoretic
text appears.
So I think we proceed with an eye
to the witness
that was written fourteen centuries
previous.
Concerning Dowd,
now that I think is the extent of
it,
but should you prefer the Masoretic text
with his repeated differences with regard
to his taste toward the presence of
Abimelech,
which means my father is king.
He banished and expelled him,
and he walked away,
none of which is included in for Q.
Eighty-three P.S.
as the introduction for the thirty-fourth
Mizmowr
, other than concerning Dowd.
Well, not that it matters,
but just for curiosity's sake,
I found that Abimelech was actually a
common name among those residing in the
periphery of Israel.
And it is because kingdoms passed from
father to son.
So to say, you know, my dad's king,
of course,
that would be the name of a king,
wouldn't it?
That's the only way you become king,
if your daddy is a king.
So among scholars,
this name is typically identified with one
of two men, either Ahimelech,
which would be more in the meaning my
brother is king,
who is actually a priest of Nob presiding
over the tabernacle, or it's Akiys,
which is again based upon the word for
brother.
And he was the king of the Philistine
town of Gath.
These stories are shared in First Samuel,
twenty one and twenty two.
Well,
Dowd was trying to figure out how to
survive King Shaul's relentless pursuit of
him.
However,
neither episode fits the narrative that
follows.
So there is no merit, I suppose,
in belaboring the point other than I enjoy
full disclosure.
I want people who like to think to
be part of this family.
I want people who want the information and
want good and complete and explanation of
it as is possible so that they can
validate what they have come to know and
understand to be part of the covenant
family.
And so if detail like this is worrisome
to you, then you probably don't belong.
If you like to think and if you're
open to learning, well,
then that's an entirely different story,
isn't it?
The Mizmowr, or song,
these lyrics begin with,
I will commend and extol that which
pertains to Yahowah in every situation and
on every occasion.
continually conveying his positive
attributes, his renown,
and his reputation by my mouth.
See, these were lyrics to songs.
That's what the Ms.
Moore represent.
This was thirty-four one.
All who come to know Yahowah,
genuinely know him, respond similarly.
This is the heart and soul of what
you find throughout the Yada Yahowah series.
Knowing Yahowah, becoming familiar with him,
causes us on every occasion possible to
convey everything that's wonderful about
him.
His renown, his reputation,
his attributes.
For the most part,
my life has been spent doing these things
through fingers,
creating words that appear in the text of
books that are published.
But we have,
at Yahowah's request over this last year,
turned to the Yahowah blog and are now
using our peh, mouth.
And indeed,
Yahowah has three men whom we know for
certain.
He has used their pay mouth.
Of course,
when Moshe was reticent of working with
Yahowah, God introduced himself to him.
The entire top of Mount Choreb was ablaze.
It means that the Rocky Crag was ablaze,
not a stupid bush.
People are just so idiotic when they
render words.
They just don't look at the full palette
of words.
Similar words that would lead them to a
far more profoundly important and accurate
understanding.
But as he was there talking with Yahowah,
and Yahowah said,
I want you to go back into Mitzrayim,
and we're going to liberate my people.
And Moshe says, no, no, no,
I don't want to do that.
No, no, you got the wrong guy.
I have no interest in going back there
again.
Didn't like it.
Didn't like them.
Don't like any part of Mitzrayim.
And I don't much like the people you
want to liberate.
They were really mean to me when I
tried to stand up to them.
So, no.
Find somebody else.
Besides that, I've got a thick tongue.
And I don't articulate more nicely than
you want me to.
And God's response to that was...
Fairly ingenious.
It's a bit sarcastic.
God is, I think,
is just universally this way when working
through those he has chosen.
If you don't have a sense of humor,
a little bit of a thick skin,
then you're just not suitable for the job.
So we told Moshe, so, hey, pal,
who do you think invented the mouth?
You think maybe if I invented it that
I know how to use it?
Hmm, that should have stumped the stars,
shouldn't it?
So we know that indeed,
when we read Dabarym, Deuteronomy,
that the words that we are reciting were
actually spoken by Yahowah using the mouth
of Moshe.
I think prior to that time when Moshe
speaks, he is speaking for himself.
When he writes, he is writing for Yahowah.
Now,
The second we know is Dowd,
because Yahowah specifically introduces
Dowd in the eighteenth chapter of Dabarym.
And he tells us that this prophet will
arrive.
They'll be very similar to Moshe and that
he is both a significant player in God's
story and also a prophet,
and that he will articulate words because
God will put them in his mouth.
And that we need to listen to him.
And he's going to hold those accountable
who don't.
And that's important since Dowd fulfilled
Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
And he is therefore our savior.
There is no means to eternal life,
to the perfection of our souls,
to inclusion in the covenant,
being enriched and empowered by God as a
result.
without accepting this gift that has been
offered by the very son of God, David.
But he said specifically that he was going
to put his words in Doe's mouth.
And when Yahowah addresses his last
witness, this Gentile, Ha-Nakry,
He refers to him as a voice,
a cool voice.
And he also says that he's going to
put his words in his mouth.
And so there are three whose mouths would
be used by Yahowah.
And it's not, I don't think Yahowah's
favorite approach you might say you know
why not you know he's god he's articulate
he's brilliant he's always right he knows
just what to say at the perfect time
why doesn't he just pick a person and
use their mouth and be done with it
because that would make that person
nothing but a machine a tool they're not
valued for anything they can contribute
God might as well just be back into
that flaming fire with a voice that
resonates out of the fire.
Well,
that didn't work out real well because it
intimidated the children of Israel to the
point they said, go away, shut up.
We never want to see you or hear
from you again.
Didn't work well, did it?
And so what Yahowah's preference is,
is to work through people so that they
are schooled by him.
They learn from him.
and that they grow with him and they
endure both triumph and heartache along
the way and can empathize with him and
have some grit and some stick-to-itiveness
as a result of this process and be
impassioned witnesses on behalf of what
God is offering.
He wants to work with us,
not simply use us.
But indeed,
Dowd was one of those people whose,
at times,
God spoke directly through his mouth.
And at times, Dowd spoke for himself.
But I think to a very large extent,
the lyrics of the
Mizmowr and Mashal,
Proverbs and Psalms that Dowd comprised
were largely lyrics that Dowd sung with
Yahowah providing many,
if not most of the words.
So this next line conveys an essential
truth.
Dowd's Bashar, his physical bodies,
and he will have had three of them,
have, well, the first two anyway,
have come and gone.
Although his nephesh soul lives and shines
forever.
This is the thing that people just can't
get through their noggin.
that your physical body, it can die,
it can be buried, it can be cremated,
it can be worm eaten,
it can be lost at sea,
it doesn't matter.
Your physical body is meaningless after
this life.
It begins to deteriorate almost at the
time you pass through adolescence.
It is fragile.
The part of you that matters is your
soul.
And your soul is energy-based.
And when it is incorporated in radiant
energy and light that Yahowah is providing
to empower and to enrich us as part
of the covenant family,
then your soul can endure forever and can
travel through the universe and through
time
but it's only the soul that matters.
And in the case of Dowd,
the reason he can have multiple lives as
will Eli, as will I,
and will every covenant member is going to
have two, three will have three,
is that the soul continues.
All God has to do to use a
person's soul
a second or third time is to put
it back in a physical body not difficult
he invented DNA he most certainly can do
it you don't think that or do you
think i can't imagine people actually
would think this that that Adam and Chawah
were babies and that god can only create
babies just babies babies babies he is not
able to put a soul a nephesh
in an adult person would you think that's
true do you think that when ElYah returns
that he is going to return as a
baby because god can't do adults when
Yahowah said that Dowd is going to return
with him and be king of forevermore and
for everything do you think that Dowd's
going to re going to return as an
infant
Do you think that God's fixated on the
Madonna and Child myth of Babylon?
No.
God can easily take a soul, any soul,
and put it in any number of bodies
that he wishes to.
It's not reincarnation.
This is a soul that is something that
Yahowah has conceived and developed an
affinity with.
He can put it in another body and
have that body serve a function.
And ultimately,
when we return as covenant and we have
passed through either the harvest of
Shabuwah or Teruah or become part of the
covenant following the thousand year
celebration of Sukah,
then those covenant members are going to
be spiritual beings,
which means that their nephesh soul will
be enveloped in or light and energy.
And as such,
recognize that E equals MC squared.
Do you have any idea what that means?
It actually means that energy and matter
are the same thing.
They're just different amounts of the same
thing.
And so,
An energy-based being can take a tiny
aspect of its nature and convert that into
matter using E equals mc squared times the
square of the speed of light.
And go back and forth between the two
at any time.
It's an equation.
Go back and why would you do that?
Let's just say that you wanted to go
travel to another solar system and this
galaxy or in another galaxy would take
forever to get there even at the speed
of light.
But if you are energy-based,
you can get there at no time because
on a photon of light, time simply exists,
it does not move.
Therefore, it would seem like an instant,
the blink of an eye to travel
Forty to eighty billion light years.
And once you get there,
if you find a hospitable environment,
you can go back to a material being,
experience the stillness of time,
the warmth of the sun on your cheeks,
the coolness of water on your feet.
Enjoy walking through the grass to smell
the wind blowing through the trees.
Hear the birds sing.
You can do all of those things.
Enjoy a wonderful meal celebrating Pesach
throughout eternity with a physical being.
And then when the time strikes you,
because you'll be infinite in time,
go back to energy.
So the fact is that Bashar's physical
bodies can come and go.
It's the nephesh that has value.
Now,
the vast preponderance of human nephesh
simply cease to exist.
Same thing is true with animal nephesh.
There's no reward, no punishment.
They live their lives,
and when their lives are over,
they just dissipate into nothingness.
Their life was a gift.
And they had free will and could have
done something magnificent with it,
but most don't.
Those who have been religious and
political to the extent that they're not
just misled,
but are egregious and misleading,
are they conspiratorial?
Well, they've written a ticket to Sheowl,
a place of separation.
It's not there to torture them.
It's there to keep these malcontents and
embittered
misleading souls from corrupting other
people.
They're making life miserable for the rest
of us, though.
They are assumed to have allied themselves
with the adversary,
which is an eternal spirit,
and they go off to Sheowl.
And those who have accepted the terms and
conditions of the covenant,
attended Yahowah's Mow'ed Miqraey as they
were intended,
And if accepted what father and son have
accomplished through peace,
Matsah and Bikuwrym, well,
they enter Shamaym, the seventh dimension,
a part of God's family and their souls
endure forever.
And they're the ones who are able to
maneuver as we have been sharing.
So this is the story of the difference
between a Bashar and a Nefesh.
So what Dowd wrote next conveys this
message, his Nefesh, physical bodies.
have come, they have gone,
they've served a purpose.
While his nephesh soul, well,
it endures forever and it is now
surrounded by light.
So with Yahowah, Dowd wrote, my soul,
my nephesh,
continually radiates light and shines
brilliantly apart from any outside
influence.
It is halal.
It glows from the source.
It was written in the Hitpael imperfect.
Hitpael stems means that there's no
outside influence causing this to occur.
And the imperfect means that this
occurrence is ongoing throughout time.
The responsive, who answer?
This is another one of the great insights
that we're providing that everyone seems
to stumble over.
The word is anah.
It is typically used as an adjective,
and it is rendered the humble, the meek,
the mild-mannered, the downcast.
the needy, the lowly, but nah.
Anah is based upon and sounds identical to
the pronunciation of the verbal root anah.
And anah means to be responsive,
to answer, to reply, to sing, to shout,
to make a declaration,
And therefore,
we're going to render God's words
accurately so that you know what God had
to say.
Because he just said, with Yahowah,
my soul continues to radiate light and
shines brilliantly apart from any outside
influence.
The responsive who answer choose to
continually listen.
And they're related.
What God says he is offering through Dowd.
He will also offer to us.
He's not going to make you king.
You can't be his firstborn,
but you can be his son or daughter.
You can be chosen by him.
You can't be the Messiah,
but you can be part of his flock
of the ultimate shepherd.
Your soul can radiate light just as doves
will.
You just need to be similarly responsive.
You need to choose to continually listen
and not pray.
Stop praying.
Start listening.
If you want your soul to glow,
as does dotes.
Those who...
those who are part of and have grown
up in and continue to participate in
conspiracies,
which would be the mother goddess cult
that has been so nasty here recently.
The one thing we have learned through
research is that those who have grown up
in conspiracies and who return to them
all have one thing in common.
They can be young or old, any ethnicity,
any religion, any political persuasion.
They can be rich or poor.
They can live anywhere in the world.
There's only one common denominator.
They all live miserable,
unfulfilling lives,
and they're looking for someone else to
blame
I think that's important for you to know
when God says that if you are responsive
to him, if you're listening to him,
then you're elated.
You are delighted.
You're happy with your life.
You're not looking for someone else to
blame for your miserable condition.
You are not part of a conspiracy cult
is what God is saying.
Something to think about.
Yahowah was able to redeploy Dowd's soul in
a body that would serve to fulfill Pesach
as the lamb.
And then once the Bashar, that's body,
fulfilled its purpose,
allow his son's nephesh soul to carry our
guilt into Sheowl, hell,
on Matsah to unleaven us of the religious
guilt that we had.
endured previously.
And this not only confirms that Peter and
Paul's New Testament slander regarding
Dowd being dead and buried was erroneous
and egregious,
this reinforces God's declaration in the
eighty-ninth Psalm when he reveals that
his son will return with his position of
honor
glowing as brilliant as the sun.
Now,
putting all of these thoughts together,
our king is affirming that those who
respond to what we are hearing will be
elated.
The inference is also that those who
prefer religious corruptions of God's
plan, well,
they're not going to be very happy with
their decision.
There is only one way to God,
and that's through Dowd,
the actual Messiah and firstborn son,
our King.
And that is why our discovery of Dowd
as the Messiah and the Son of God
who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in year four thousand, yeah,
thirty-three CE,
as he and others foretold,
is so essential.
It is why it is crucial that we
openly denounce Judaism and Christianity
for protesting otherwise.
You should choose to become great,
even glorious,
growing in status by approaching Yahowah
with me.
We should choose to lift up his name
together.
We have Dowd saying that his Nefesh Sol
is brilliant, radiating light.
And then, just as I had suggested,
that anything that Dowd experiences as
part of his relationship with God,
being enriched, glory, honor, respect,
empowered, the soul glowing,
entering Shamaym,
inheriting what Yahowah has to give,
that all of those things,
all of those benefits are
also being afforded to us.
God's consistent.
Dowd was his firstborn,
but not his only child.
All of us in the covenant are sons
and daughters of Yahowah,
therefore brothers of Dowd.
So now he is affirming that this is
true.
Now it shouldn't have taken me a goy
after
You know,
three thousand years after he wrote these
words to bring your attention to it.
But at least better late than never.
So he says you should choose to become
great, even glorious, growing in status.
Got all becoming honored, enriched,
important, highly valued.
This is the appeal imperative.
Second person, masculine,
plural appeal means.
that the soul that this is speaking to
will endure the effect of the verb,
which is to become great, even glorious.
And the imperative means that we choose
this for ourselves.
And the means to become great?
By approaching Yahowah.
Now, just think for a moment,
if you were amongst the dunderheads,
that are so insistent because their lives
are miserable,
that they want everybody to be humble
around God.
Yeah, you wanna please God,
gotta be humble.
Why would God say,
you should choose to be great?
You should choose to be glorious.
You should choose to grow in stature.
If the path to God was by being
meek and humble and lowly.
I know that the religious don't like it
when you speak to them this way.
It just blows fuses in their little brains
when they're confronted with the
numbskullness of their nincompoopery.
That's a technical term there, Rich,
if you want to look it up.
I have to spell check that?
Yeah, just spell check that for me.
Yeah.
Poor Kevin or Rich,
whoever writes the captions for our
shorts,
they all have captions underneath them,
now has to figure out a way to
spell those words.
Good luck with that.
That's why you have those jobs and I
don't.
But think of it.
That's why when I saw anah,
I instinctively knew that no,
it's verbal root was anah,
and therefore it means to be responsive.
And if you're responsive and you approach
Yahowah,
then you have the opportunity to be great,
even glorious,
growing in stature and status,
becoming highly valued and important.
The opposite.
of the religious concept of humble.
God's great.
Why would somebody who is great and
glorious want somebody who's .
Please don't hurt me.
Oh God, I'm so worthless.
Don't treat me like I really am.
Come on, folks, get real.
Stop turning God into this cosmic killjoy
that wants to lord over everybody and
intimidate them.
What's wrong with you?
Listen to what he has to say,
respond to him,
and approach him based upon what he is
offering and expecting in return,
and you can choose to be great,
even glorious.
we should choose to lift up his name
together.
Now what's the first step in becoming
great, even glorious,
growing and glowing with Yahowah?
Choosing to lift up his name together
within a community.
Please, think about it.
Why did God write that showing the way
to the benefits of the relationship,
the goy,
would show the way to get the greatest
enjoyment out of life?
And his God is Yahowah.
Doesn't
this lead us to that very same place?
You should choose to become great,
even glorious, growing in status, God all,
by approaching Yahowah with me.
We should choose to lift up his name
together.
With me?
With whom?
With me.
Who wrote this?
Oh, yeah, we verified that, didn't we?
It was LauDowd, wasn't it?
How would you become great with Dowd?
Hmm.
Think it through now.
Would you become great with Dowd because
he killed Goliath?
No, that wouldn't make you great,
would it?
Would you become great with Dowd because
Yahowah anointed him Messiah?
No, it wouldn't help either because...
Prior to me reminding people,
no one knew that.
Would you become great with Yahowah by
coming to recognize that he really is the
son of God, not that other guy?
No,
that would just be acknowledging who Dowd
is.
How would you become great by approaching
Yahowah with me, Dowd,
if it wasn't for the fact that Dowd
is the one?
who opened the doorway to life by
fulfilling Pesach as the lamb,
who perfected our souls so we could enter
through that door,
through that threshold into eternity,
cleansed and perfected because Dowd's
nephesh,
the very thing that he was saying was
glowing,
took our guilt into Sheowl to deposit it
there and never to be seen again so
that the firstborn of Yahowah
could sign our adoption paper so that we
become Bikuwrym,
firstborn children of Almighty God,
so that God could enrich us and empower
us tenfold, making us great,
even glorious,
by approaching Yahowah with doubt.
It's the only way to approach him.
Now that's profound.
Did you expect that as we were reading
this, the Thirty-Fourth Mizmowr
that you would find something that
profoundly important,
that your soul will glow,
that you will be great, even glorious,
growing in status by approaching Yahowah
with doubt,
and that the way to achieve that is
to be responsive by listening to Yahowah?
And did you know that the only thing
that would differentiate those who are
genuine and those who are not is whether
they choose to lift up Yahowah's name
altogether in one accord,
the same way as Yahowah.
Profound, folks.
And you're hearing it here for the first
time ever.
You can put this in your AI chat
bot or your social media AI and say,
well, what do you think?
It doesn't think.
When you have one voice against millions,
it can't process that.
It's not...
trained to do so,
not programmed to do so.
And if you can't think it through,
then there's no hope for you either.
And if you want to be opposed to
it, goodbye.
This is something extraordinary.
This is something unheralded in the human
experience.
What you are being privy to at this
moment about having a relationship with
Almighty God,
And folks,
you couldn't have picked a better time.
We're only seven and a half years away
from his return.
And the end of normal human time is
it has been known for the new beginning,
the restoration of earth back to the
conditions experienced in Eden,
the end of religion and politics and
conspiracies.
What a marvelous time.
And a time where if you go to
YadaYah.com now and begin learning and
equip yourself appropriately,
you can actually make a difference in
other people's lives,
particularly if you're a Israelite in
Israel.
You can profoundly enhance the covenant
family.
You can earn respect from Yahowah,
the creator God of the universe,
for being one of those who makes a
profound difference in Israel amongst
Yahuwdym.
Here the father and son, Yahowah and Dowd,
are offering the sun, the moon,
and the stars, so to speak.
If we accept what they are presenting,
we grow exponentially.
We're transformed from physical beings to
energy and light.
And you'll note that the beneficiaries
know and they respect Yahowah's name,
crediting Him for our promotion.
As for all together, well, of course,
that has not yet occurred,
making this pronouncement prophetic.
The same should be said of Yahowah's
glorious arrival.
Even more impressive,
our king is offering to share his glory
with us.
He said, you can do this with him.
We can claim similar status with Yahowah
when we approach God through Dowd.
And so everything that is worthwhile,
it starts right here.
I sought to find, to learn about,
and then form a relationship with Yahowah.
And he answered me.
From all of my concerns and anxieties,
he delivered me.
He spared, defending, liberating me.
Hifl, perfect, third person, masculine,
singular.
Mizmowr
, song, Psalm, thirty-four-four.
What does that opening line tell you that
heretofore
I don't think anyone else has even
fathomed or discussed.
What does I sought to find,
to learn about,
and then form a relationship with Yahowah?
And he answered me, tell you.
I guess I can't see all those that
are chatting away there, Rich.
I'm
Maybe I dare not ask that question.
Should I answer it?
It's the same question I asked in some
ways.
And now I wound up here,
obviously for a reason.
It says two things.
For the likes of Rich,
for most of you who are in the
covenant,
what it says to you
is that you were here because you sought
to find, to learn about,
and then form a relationship with Yahowah,
and he answered you.
Correct?
Absolutely correct.
I screamed it twenty-plus years ago.
Why is there no translations that are
worth a damn?
And now I found them.
That is not true for Dowd,
nor for me.
I wasn't sinking to know Yahowah.
And it was Yahowah who approached me.
I didn't know his name at the time.
Same thing would be true with Moshe.
Same thing would be true with Abraham,
would it not?
So let's think about Dowd,
the one writing this.
How could this be true if Yahowah
approached
approached Dowd for the first time when he
told Shamuel, no,
I don't want any of these other sons
that this family means nothing to me.
There's a kid down there in Bethlehem
tending sheep.
He's the one.
I've chose him.
If God chose Dowd,
and if Dowd's first encounter with Yahowah
was this meeting,
When Samuel went and called for him to
come and he was brought out of Bethlehem.
If that was Dowd's first encounter with
Yahowah,
he could not have written these words.
Yahowah sought Dowd out,
not Dowd's seeking Yahowah out if we're
just to take the story on face value.
Now, do you know where I'm going?
think so.
What this means is that there are
individuals in God's story that he's known
long before they were born.
Let me give you a second way to
perceive what this means.
I'm
shared with you that I'm rewriting Coming
Home For.
It's a book that's unpublished,
and here I'm rewriting it.
I'm probably rewriting it now for the
fifth or sixth time,
because each time I'm going back one layer
further.
And now I've gone back to the presentation
of Dowd in the eighteenth chapter of
Dabarym, Deuteronomy.
And I wanted to begin there.
I wanted the world to know that this
story is about Dowd and the one who
reflects his brilliance.
And so I began there.
And when you read that, what God says,
and it's in his voice,
is that he chose this individual,
that he said that he would raise up
and that collectively they would do
astonishing things on behalf of Israel.
And that if you listen to him,
that your relationship with Yahowah,
this fractured family, would be resolved.
And he spoke of Dowd.
Every reference only applies to Dowd
throughout the body of Dabarym.
And he's speaking through the mouth of
Moshe about Dowd,
Four centuries before Dowd was born.
So Yahowah clearly knew Dowd's nephesh
soul.
What it would be like,
it's Dowd's attributes,
Dowd's proclivities, Dowd's character.
Dowd's grit and passion and intellect.
Four hundred years before Dowd was born.
And this means that Dowd,
who we were told was only eight years
old when Yahowah anointed him.
And that doesn't leave a long time
because, you know,
we're just not mature enough at
five, six, even seven years old,
to be able to ponder these kinds of
deep questions.
Who is God?
What is my life about?
Why am I here?
How do I get to know who God
is and form a relationship with him
How would Dowd be able to do that,
tending sheep out there in Bethlehem,
all on his own at six, seven,
eight years old?
And how would he come up with the
name of a god, Betsiyah,
When as a shepherd down there in
Bethlehem,
he's not one of the few that would
have had a copy of the Torah,
would he?
And the likelihood that as a shepherd that
he is going to be,
have been schooled at that young age so
that he could have read it,
even if he had a copy of it,
which would be a zero percent chance he
would have had a copy of it.
It means that Doug was known by Yahowah.
well before they met.
And I dare say before he spoke of
him through the mouth of Moshe,
four hundred years before he was born.
And that Dowd, at some point,
and it could well be that Dowd is
the El Dowd of numbers
when Moshe has his meltdown and Yahowah
says, all you need to do,
you just get them to the promised land.
I'll take it from there.
I know they're irascible.
I got a couple of guys.
And the text speaks of two guys, Eldowd,
which would be the Almighty's beloved.
Dowd is Yahowah's, Dowd's name means beloved.
And Eldowd would be the beloved of Yah,
our beloved of God.
And Maidowd, this man,
This person who's serving as the hand of
Dowd.
And he wrote them into the script.
But let's go back further.
You deal,
you have to go all the way back
to the fourteenth statement in the first
chapter of Dabarym.
before animal life even existed.
The fourth day of creation.
And that's where you first learn about
these two individuals.
Dowd, an individual writing this psalm in.
the lesser luminary reflecting his
brilliance,
all for the purpose of serving as signs
for the Mowedym.
And God waxes poetic about the role and
the identity of the greater and lesser
luminary.
And he's not talking about the sun and
the moon,
except to the symbolic nature of the fact
that the sun is a source of brilliance.
It radiates light,
just as Dowd said of his soul,
the sun,
and that the moon is nothing but a
mirror reflecting the sun's brilliance.
And Yah spoke of them in the fourth
day of creation.
And it can't be that he is trying
to tell you about creating the sun and
the moon because plant life could not have
existed on the third day unless the sun
was conceived before that.
And oh, by the way,
there wasn't even an earth when the sun
was conceived.
The sun is billions of years older than
the earth.
So he's speaking symbolically.
That's why he didn't use,
Hebrew has a word for sun and moon.
He didn't say the word for sun and
moon.
He said greater and lesser luminary,
source of light and enlightenment.
Therefore,
Yahowah knew about these two individuals,
what they would do,
that he could count on them,
that they would play this role in his
story.
Well, that would have been
Billions of years ago.
Well, perhaps not billions of years ago.
And if you wanted to go through the
chronology of it,
the the fourth day would be just prior
to the the.
time that animal life emerged from the
sea.
And so you're dealing with the time before
that,
so a little over a billion years ago.
I don't want to exaggerate here.
So a little over a billion years ago,
Yahowah knew that he would have a greater
and lesser luminary,
one reflecting the brilliance of another,
and that this young man's Dowd soul would
glow.
would be brilliant and that he would lead
the way to God, that through him,
we would all have the opportunity to be
great, even glorious.
And so Dowd has sought to learn about
and form a relationship with Yahowah for a
very long time.
And Yahowah has indeed responded to Dowd.
Dowd is the only one I'm aware of
that
Ana,
this is the actual verbal root for the
word that was incorrectly rendered humble
in English Bibbles,
but I represented accurately with respond
earlier in this Mizmowr
.
It's the only place that I'm aware where
Yahowah responds to the individual.
as opposed to us being invited to respond
to Yahowah.
If you're unaware of the fact that one
of the repetitive themes throughout God's
presentation of these very Mow'ed that the
greater and lesser luminary fulfill and
serve as signs representing them,
symbols of them,
they're filled with a request
that since the Mow'ed Miqraey,
Miqraey means to invite,
their invitations to meet with God,
he is asking us to anah, to respond,
and come into the presence of his fiery
light on these days.
So that is the normal order of things.
God invites us to meet with him,
and we respond during his invitations.
But in this case,
Dowd is such an extraordinary part of
Yahowah being able to deliver the benefits
of the covenant and to enrich and empower
and perfect and prolong the lives of his
children and his family that Yahowah
actually answers Dowd as should a father.
He recognizes his son's voice.
He says he responds to him and all
of his anxieties and concerns he's
delivered me.
Can you imagine being owed and you
recognize that it's right for you to serve
as the Passover lamb?
It's right for you to take the guilt
of every covenant member into hell?
And to deposit it there,
you imagine the anxiety of saying,
I'm going to somehow endure the Romans
whipping the flesh off my back to the
point I don't even look human anymore.
And then nailing me to this post such
that I endure the most excruciating form
of torture ever invented.
And then I have to write about it
and I have to witness it.
Then I have to, a thousand years later,
I have to endure it.
And then after enduring it and then going
into hell or a heavenly cause,
my people are going to spit at me.
They're going to deny I did it.
They're going to actually come up with
false messiahs.
And they're going to credit the false
messiahs of doing everything that I
actually did.
And they're going to negate it.
Imagine the anxiety, the concerns of that.
And that's why there's a lesser luminary,
isn't it?
That's why there's a Goy whose God is
Jehovah.
Because that wrong had to be righted.
Dowd had to be reintroduced as our savior,
as the Passover lamb.
as the one who carried our guilt into
shield to perfect us,
as the firstborn of firstborn children,
as the one that we can follow to
Yahowah and be enriched and empowered,
becoming great.
Someone would have to reflect his
brilliance.
And that's what delivered Dowd from the
anxiety and the concern
You see this too in Yasha'yah.
When he finally sees that man from Edom,
Obed-Edom,
who was tasked with the responsibility of
bringing the Ark of the Covenant,
positioning it so that Dowd can anoint it.
And he finally sees that all of the
prophecies and promises and insights that
he has delivered,
which have not resonated with a single
Yahuwd,
not a single person in all of this
time and have been corrupted by the
religious, particularly by Christians,
that he finally sees this man from Edom,
the final Zarowa,
the Choter that he devoted a chapter to,
the Nakry, this observant foreigner,
a very cold voice calling out in the
wilderness, that he arrives.
And Isaiah is so ecstatic, he says,
that's my Zarowa.
That's my guy.
He is now in that wine vat with
me.
He's going to save many.
In fact,
I even think it's we're going to save
many because he's reciting Yasha'yah
script.
Yasha'yah delineated it.
this is all one integrated story and it
is the story that I'm telling and coming
home for the opening paragraph of that
volume says that there are two truths that
are essential for you to know that
Yahowah's beloved son the anointed messiah
our former and returning king,
who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
providing us with eternal light, life,
perfection,
and adoption into God's family,
is none other than Dowd,
who the world knows as David.
And that since the world has ripped him
off, robbed him, plundered him,
denied him,
All of these accolades.
And achievements.
Stealing.
His very titles.
From him.
Through identity theft.
That God.
Spoke of another.
Who would bring.
The dignity.
Back to doubt.
And by doing so.
point to all that Dowd has accomplished
through his father to provide
reconciliation in the fractured family and
bring God's people back together to
recognize that his God is Yahowah and that
together they achieved everything that
needed to be done for us to live
forever in their company.
It took two.
And these two souls stand out from all
others.
One of the many things which made Dowd
exceptionally unique, of course,
during his first life that he would grow
with Yahowah,
was his thirst for Torah teaching.
In the third volume of An Introduction to
God, volume three, it's called Torah,
and the preponderance of it is written to
disclose and to examine, to learn from,
Dowd's hundred and nineteenth Mizmowr
.
which is his ode to the Torah.
He wrote eight lines regarding each of the
twenty-two letters in the Hebrew alphabet
in alphabetical order to describe how we
should observe Yahowah's Torah teaching.
Brilliant.
He wrote the nineteenth Mizmowr
as sort of
the cliff notes to say, you know,
the Torah is perfect.
Restores the soul.
And between these two,
it was darn near perfection in terms of
explaining God's guidance.
Dowd, of course,
would also write the Mizmowr that convinced
me to say yes to Yahowah.
When I said,
you want me to do what?
No one has ever survived that before.
Thank you.
God, I can't say no.
But we need to negotiate.
Can we negotiate?
Will you allow me to negotiate?
Sure, what do you want?
Well, I want these three things.
Okay, reach into your pocket.
Dowd wrote the psalm that was in my
pocket.
And it's the one that said, yeah,
you're willing to do these things with me.
I will do these things for you.
I knew what you were going to ask
three thousand years before you asked.
Because we've had a relationship for a
very long time.
The more Dowd, of course,
read in the Torah,
the more reflective of God's nature he
became.
It is in this way,
by studying the Torah,
that the Messiah found the answers,
including why he should be the one who
volunteers to serve as the Pesach Geo.
And truly,
it's how Yahowah responds to us today.
It's how we listen to him.
Dowd's life to an extent well beyond most
of our own was filled with monumental
challenges.
Some of these,
particularly in the stress of battle or
while sharing insights into his
relationship with God,
when all were opposed to him,
he navigated most of them gloriously.
But he was not consistently great
when dealing with political and family
issues.
At times,
he allowed his anxiety over challenges
that he or Yahowah could have resolved
really expeditiously drag on to the point
they became distracting and
counterproductive.
Clearly, all's well that ends well,
and Dowd's story ends gloriously.
Dowd's journey was considerably less
tranquil than he is, of course,
leading on in this moment.
And that's essential because everyone who
works with Yahowah grows with him.
We fail at times, we're wrong at times,
and through it all, we grow.
We develop a backbone.
Our character is forged in the fires of
challenges.
And we don't always get it right.
And we have to learn lessons.
We actually have to experience the most
embittering of all human emotions,
which is the abuse of a fractured family.
because otherwise we're not in a position
to speak for God.
We don't understand what he has gone
through these six thousand years.
So all of this is vitally important for
us.
Something for us to know about even Dowd,
the closest person in human existence to
his father, is that even Dowd grew.
developed character made mistakes got up
learned from them and moved on it's what
makes him real it's what means that what
this means is that when we're paired
together through eternity we are in a
position where we can be comfortable
together you know he is not up here
and we're down here we're working together
Comfortable together, helping one another,
more together than we would be
individually.
Now, personally,
apart from attacks on my credibility when
speaking for Yahowah, which are many,
or the merit of Yada Yahowah,
it's rare that I fret over much of
anything else,
unless you're trying to disparage me
recognizing that credibility is the
currency of this program,
of writing on behalf of, yeah, well,
I really don't fret it.
I don't care.
You know, I learned many,
many years ago that if you Google my
name,
you'll find that there's millions of
people who obviously have no clue who I
am, but seem to have opinions.
It's what happens if you live your life
with your head above the crowd.
And in all of that time,
I've learned that I really don't care.
And the only time I care is when
somebody besmirches my reputation in
association with my work on behalf of
Yahowah and Yadda Yahowah.
Because again,
credibility when associated with God is
the currency of our success.
But the other stuff I don't care about.
Disappointments, yes, I've...
had my share and more than enough
challenges to surmount for a lifetime.
And yet I'm always confident expecting a
favorable resolution.
We've gone through difficult times and we
have always prevailed.
So particularly now when collaborating
with the Iowa to this extent at this
time, my confidence source,
Therefore, I concur with Do's conclusion.
Yahowah always delivers.
And with Yah,
we really have nothing to be concerned
about.
Yeah, with one exception,
and that is that we are human.
The pressures are immense.
The audience is hostile.
And it takes a lot out of a
person when you're constantly whack,
whack, whack.
It took...
Moshe, who's a far greater man than I,
and it wore him down to the point
he asked God to kill him.
It took Do to the point that he
turned into mush by the end of the
Absalom rebellion.
It's tough.
And so, you know,
I try to pace myself.
I talk to Rich about this all the
time, that we have to pace ourselves.
You know,
it is an all-in game in the sense
that sunrise to sunset, seven days a week,
we're at this one way or another.
But it can't all be before this camera.
It can't all be in social media where
we're so subject to criticism and attack
all the time.
Part of it has to be growing with
God, studying his testimony,
analyzing his words, writing, learning,
and then sharing.
So...
I know that Yahowah will deliver the
intended result because we've already read
about it.
So it all boils down to this.
We must learn to know and then know
to grow.
We travel to Yahowah in our minds,
relying on his words to guide us.
And once there, happiness happens.
Productivity is assured.
I don't wanna sugar coat this though.
Happiness does happen.
Productivity is assured.
That does not mean that every day is
sunshine and tulips.
It just isn't.
Life is tough.
And if you're going to be with God
and gonna spend eternity with him,
he wants you tested and true.
He wants you to have some grit.
And so there will be challenges to
overcome.
And this happily ever after happens,
but it doesn't happen until we enter the
restoration of the conditions experienced
in Eden, on Sukah, on October seventh,
a Shabbat, in year six thousand, yeah,
twenty thirty three.
And at that point.
We will know nothing but joy.
Because all of the.
anguishing individuals will be gone.
And I think at an hour and thirty
one minutes,
this is probably the right place for us
to conclude this program.
We have just made our way through the
fourth statement of
Mizmowr song, thirty four through thirty four,
one, two, three and four.
We're about to start five,
but I think I'm going to postpone five.
There's a lot to learn in this song.
And I would much prefer that we go
through it methodically and that we glean
everything that we can from it and that
we grow as a result of it.
Because here we have just been told that
it is Dowd's soul that is glowing with
light, radiating light,
and that he invited us
to listen to Yahowah so that we could
follow him to this same result that causes
us to be glorified and to become great.
And that is worth our attention.
And I'm glad that we invested this time
and we're going through this deliberately,
methodically, intellectually,
capitalizing on all that our great king
and savior had to say.
And so we'll return to
Mizmowr's song, Psalm thirty four five.
And our next program of Gabor.